I attract only the bad
Who needs me with such an appearance
Don't trust anyone, you will definitely be deceived
If you risk sticking out, it won't end well
I told you, don't trust anyone
Everything new and unknown is dangerous
Whatever I do, I'm not going to be lucky anyway.
I can't do anything about it
No matter how hard I try, you can't escape fate
I was unlucky to be born into a poor family, so I will die a beggar
I will definitely not succeed, never
I always confuse everything, that's why I'm so stupid
I can't win anyway, you don't even have to try
Who needs me so scary
I'm always unlucky
Nobody loves me
I have a bad memory
I'm a loser
Should I speak publicly? What are you?! It's definitely not mine! 
I have such bad karma
Whatever I do, there is no success in anything
My age does not allow me to do this. 
I will never get behind the wheel, it's deadly dangerous! 
I don't trust anyone, it's dangerous. Just hope, they will immediately let you down
These life obstacles can never be overcome, it's better not to start.
I'll never get well
No medicine will help me
I brought this sore on myself
Excess weight will never go away, it's not even worth trying
What's the use of these meditations, just wasted time
With age, the sores only get worse and increase
Just get to the doctors, they will immediately find a bunch of diseases
No doctor can cure my illness
No one has ever gotten rid of chronic diseases yet – this is a sentence for life
Internal energy will not be returned by anything
I am loved only when I am sick
My kids only call when I'm not feeling well.
Only when I'm sick can I afford to eat fruit
Healthy food is very expensive for me
Drinking a lot of water is harmful, they showed it on TV yesterday.
All men cheat sooner or later
A husband should keep his wife strict
All the guys only need one thing, and the sooner the better
There are no decent girls left now, all available – just whistle, they jump into bed like that
Love happens only in movies and in books, but in life it is more and more pragmatic
One has only to get married, quarrels and resentments immediately begin
I grew up without a father and grandfather, and I will raise a child without a man
I will never be the first to approach, not a man's act, let her crawl on her knees
If a woman in a marriage takes care of herself, then there is someone
All women are bitches
Women are only served: money and shopping
Blondes are all empty-headed
Men are all insensitive
I will never be loved
You can't break through the career ladder, they only move their own
At least a hundred spans in the forehead, the boss will never praise you
At work, initiative is punishable, it's better not to take on too much, do not let your colleagues down
You can't be the smartest in the team, no one likes that
Work is not a wolf, it will not run away into the forest, so do everything at the last moment
There are no good bosses
Never admit your mistakes, otherwise they will punish you
Sit and keep quiet until you are personally, by name and directly asked
Never help anyone, it will not lead to good, anyway, you will be guilty
Any word you say will turn against you
No one needs my experience
There are a lot of younger and more successful people around
Not to work in this profession with such an appearance
You can't get a good job at that age
At least 3 kopecks" but their own, and twice a month
They make a lot of money only by stealing
Honest money is not big
If there is a lot of money, it means that it was obtained fraudulently
To earn your paycheck, you have to sweat
What is received quickly, instantly and is lost
No wonder they say that free cheese is in a mousetrap
Only thieves have mansions and helicopters
You have to pay for help in coin
Unselfishly, no one does anything to anyone
Charity is only for the rich, they have no money, let them help
Why is he so smart and so poor? As soon as money appears, you start to squander it
Wealth is evil, and poverty is not a vice
The more money, the more envy. The more envy, the more diseases
Wealth will not lead to good
Big money is not honest
A lot of money spoils a person
Someone who has a lot of money has a callous soul
In order to earn a million – life is not enough
You have to pay for everything good
Think positively and believe in your ability to achieve excellent results. 
You are the best answer to the problems that arose on Monday.
If you were able to get out of bed on Monday, then you are a super hero. 
Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your entire week. 
Live so that you can see how you become stronger and live a happy, fulfilling life.
Don't let morning problems stop you from being successful.
Hard times often lead to the greatest moments of your life.
Keep moving. Difficulties eventually create strong people.
No matter what you go through, there is light at the end of the tunnel. It may seem difficult to get to it, but you can do it.
The more positive you are and say: I want to have a good life, the more you build this reality for yourself
Taking a positive attitude to everything that happens can work wonders.
A good mood adds years to your life, spring to your step, a sparkle in your eyes.
Natural abilities are important, but you can achieve a lot without them if you have a sense of purpose.
Surround yourself with positive people who believe in your dreams, support your ideas
Stay positive. Forgive others. Invest in yourself. Trust your instincts.
Don't let others ruin your day. Do things that bring you joy. Love yourself.
Sometimes the best thing you can do is not to think, not to be surprised, not to imagine, not to get hung up.
Just breathe and believe that everything will turn out for the best.
Don't just learn, but gain experience; don't read, but absorb. Don't just change, but transform; don't just bind, but protect; don't promise, but prove.
Don't criticize, but encourage; don't just take, but give; don't just see, but feel.
Don't just dream, but do; it's not enough to hear, but listen; don't just tell, but show.
Dedication, faith and a positive attitude are all important if you are going to succeed
Choosing a positive attitude and a grateful attitude will determine how you are going to live your life.
For me, life is about being positive and hopeful, choosing joy
You can make positive choices for the rest of your life
Don't waste your time on anger, regret, worry and resentment.
Life is too short to be unhappy.
Always believe in yourself and go beyond your capabilities.
Your life is worth much more than you think, because you are able to achieve more than you know.
You have more potential than you think. But it is unlikely that you will know your full potential if you do not challenge yourself
Live every day as if your life has just begun.
If you just look at life positively, positive things will happen.
Life becomes easier and more beautiful when we see the good in other people.
I take all the negatives in my life and turn them into positives.
Hold on to your dreams of a better life and stay committed to striving to realize it.
You cannot live a positive life with a negative mind.
To have a positive result, you only need more positivity, and just laugh off everything else.
We can all bring positive energy into our daily lives.
If we smile more, talk to strangers, replace handshakes with hugs and call friends, just to tell them that we love them.
The less you react to negative people, the more positive your life will become.
When you control your attitude, you control your life.
Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses.
Focus on your personality, not your reputation, on your blessings, not your misfortunes.
Be positive with every idea fueling your dreams.
Think about the possibility of what you plan to do and approach it with optimism.
Stay positive.
You are unique! You have different talents and abilities. You don't have to always follow in the footsteps of others.
Always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing.
You have to develop the talents that have been given to you.
Try to make the good days great and take something positive from those days when you don't feel good.
Be a positive person and keep moving forward.
When you wake up, you have two options: to be positive or negative, an optimist or a pessimist.
Practically nothing is impossible in this world if you just focus on the goal and keep a positive attitude.
Take your mind off the problems for a moment and focus on the positive opportunities.
Think about how much you can do.
Winners in the run-up to the event have a habit of putting forward their own positive expectations.
Work hard for what you want, because it won't come to you without a fight.
You have to be strong and brave, knowing that you can do whatever you have in mind.
If someone criticizes you, just keep believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.
The biggest wall you need to climb is the one you build in your mind.
Never let your mind dissuade you from dreaming and trick you into giving up.
Don't let it become the greatest obstacle on your path to success.
Nothing makes a person happier than a happy heart.
Say and do something positive, wanting to help the situation. You don't need brains to complain.
Change does not always bring growth, but without change there is no growth.
Never focus on the negative, but always look at the positive.
Always turn happiness, pain, sadness and tears into positive energy.
Either you run for a day, or the day runs after you.
Be positive and laugh at everything.
Live with a positive attitude every day and try to improve.
Positive everything is better than negative nothing.
No one is perfect — that's why pencils have erasers.
Positivity always wins over wisdom.
The most important thing is to look to the future. The past is your anchor.
In the depths of your heart, believe that you are destined to do great things.
Miracles are born out of beliefs.
One thing at a time. First things first. Start now.
We are limited, but we can push the boundaries of our limitations.
Let the positive be your middle name. Your positivity will become a shield around you that will protect you from the arrow of negativity.
If you are positive, you will see opportunities, not obstacles.
Positive thinking and visualizing my success were my keys to success.
Only good action combined with positive thinking leads to success.
To create a rainbow, you need sunlight and rain, and without them there would be no rainbow.
The worst times can become the best if you think about them with a good attitude.
